hello to all of you today
I will make you a very simple tutorial
it's going to be changing a fire
crossing on a clio 3 so first
thing to do is the hood so
it's a simple tutorial that fast
done but he who still asks for a
certain skill with his hands what
you'll see it's very restricted to
passage level to work with
the hand so we open the hood on a
clio iii phase iii that I do more
early so if we look at the back of
optics
we have a first cash here
there behind the washer tank
so that 's going to be for the fires of
cross the position lights and we have a
second cache on his right
this one has 1 that the little tongue
at the end of my finger so that's the
crossover so it's hiding
we will remove once we removed the
hide a hen's hiding
behind the first thing to do is
to disconnect his connection
you are what the coste looks like
Because of the year that's chicken
so to remove it in fact have to shoot
on files rearwardly those of
clips without forcing too much
then we will come and take the hen year
have seized the pellet of their hen and we
pulls back it comes without forcing
and I'm trying to get it out here is my pool
so this one
it's a light bulb it's an ax
wish nash is this one it's a
hatchet
now we take the new
light bulb so a hatchet is seized
the same by the base especially it is necessary not
touch the green allow impurities
it's because otherwise she's going
grilling prematurely and put the
deceptive so here as we see around
cerons officiate the key we have but
upwards then we lead in hens
in place like you hand over
as I said we mix deceivers
up and we can look through
optics to see if we position
well in hen
then he'll have to reel is slow
hen with her
the phase I'm filming
there is the phase that will side hen
and the two ergo so here at the end of my
finger and on the other side it caesar or there
you have to orient them horizontally
so I put it up like these
once lacoste is installed on the
hen
that's what it's all about
hear the clips when we push back the
qos for good clip that in hens in
do that's what keeps the hen in
his housing
I do not know if we'll see the camera
then we omit the rubber cash
with the tongue
motor side that this will have more
simple if a day and needs cash and
of course we check the good
operation of the dipped beam
replaced so it seems to work
the operation is over I hope that
this video will have pleased you
feel free to like the video is at
subscribe to the channel
as for me, I'll see you soon for
new tutorial while waiting one is
well
m
c